hey guys welcome back to Matlock story
room reviews and today I'm continuing my
Marvel Legends MODOK series and this is
actually the final figure and I'll be
reviewing my walk tomorrow
and this is the Thor buster iron man a
pretty cool figure I really not a
must-have as I'm as far as I'm concerned
at this point we'll check it out a
little bit more when we opened up
I got his stats or bio they're just a
quick look at the wave which I thought
was a pretty good wave a lot of variance
in this wave that I still need to get I
want to get the destroyer the red
costume wasp I mean the black costume
Spider Woman the genius bail and the
white moon knight actually want to pick
up all the variants this way and though
this was made by toy biz back in 2006
this got the quick break and we'll get
this out of the package all right we're
back with the for Buster Iron Man and
first off the comic book comes off with
the the invincible Iron Man comic which
is the standoff part 2 of 3 where he's
fighting Thor grad school
it comes with the final MODOK piece
which is the other part that'll fit
around his head as his right arm and
just a quick look at the backdrop just
kind of a giant crater here smoking
probably where Thor and the Thor buster
iron man were battling it's pretty cool
and of course it comes with a little
diorama stand - little black thing
anyways I'll enjoy the figure he does
have his full Buster mask just kind of
clips on there holds on pretty well mine
didn't seem to have any issues
staying on pretty cool and just kind of
pops off and we got Tony Stark head
there I'm pretty decent looking mold and
it's kind of awkward for some reason I'm
just looking at it he's really big and
bulky which I like looks really good but
there's just some odd to him I don't I
don't even know what it is but he looks
kind of good but then on one hand he
just kind of odd look to him but I
definitely like how big and bulky he is
very cool
got a nice gold and some red it's pretty
good but like I said this is a really a
must have for me in the collection but
you know I'm a completionist and I'm
trying to complete it and of course I
wanted the MODOK piece so I he'll
definitely go in my hall of armor but
just not that fantastic of a figure but
really not bad that's just my personal
opinion
he has a bald rounded head well doing
his shoulder swivel at the upper bicep
double jointed elbow back and forward
pivot at the wrist and back for pivot at
the Nichols same on the other arm up and
down towards their joints oval at the
waist ball jointed hips double jointed
knees swivel at the mid-calf back and
forth pivot at the feet side to side
pivot and tie joints so I fully
articulated definitely not missing any
points there it's just a really cool
figure but uh you know it's it's just
not one that I would have really gone
out of my way to get the definitely make
a good addition to the collection though
and definitely looks better with his
face mask on it very cool
anyways and one final thing I didn't
know but just have the peg hole in his
back but oh that was the Thor buster
Armen thanks for checking it out